Now that we understand
the gold bucket speech structure concept,
let's put it to work.
In this example from exercise number seven in your journal,
we can see that there are 14 things
I want to discuss in the speech.
Please recall that we crossed out the third
in a previous exercise as that item wasn't relevant
or just didn't fit in with our speech.
Okay, so here is how we are gonna complete this exercise.
Step number one.
Let's think about what buckets to put these items into
so we can structure and order our speech.
I see six buckets as follows, okay,
and then just put them in the right order
and number them as follows.
One, the start of the presentation,
meaning the instruction part.
Number two, topic number one, the weakness of competitor X.
Number three, topic number two, buying X.
Four, topic three, merge with X.
Five, which is topic four, change your marketing strategy.
And six, ending the speech, which means the conclusion.
Okay, once you're done with step one, right,
and you can pause me if you want,
but once you're done with step one,
we'll go into step two.
Now, let's paste each of the six bucket topics
in the gold column as follows.
Step three, sort the table using the gold column.
You can sort the table by copying and pasting it
into a spreadsheet program.
I prefer to use it in Microsoft Word as follows, okay.
Select the entire completed table per this image.
Then select the layout option
at the top of Microsoft Word as follows.
Then click the sort option on the right.
Then I want you to please
select sort by selection
in the dropdown menu per this image.
Now, your final table is sorted
and you have your outline completed for your presentation.
Please copy and paste the contents
of your completed final table below this yellow box,
similar to how the final table appears in my example
before this yellow box, okay.
Don't worry if the information isn't perfect
as we'll use the contents, okay,
to make the slides later, okay.
This will all make sense or more sense to you in act four
when we make our slides.
Thank you.